good day to you my fellow movie addicts i hope you
liked our previous video we posted yesterday and
subscribe to our channel to help us out today
we will do a recap on action comedy 2021 movie
titled cruella warning heavy spoilers ahead 1964
a young girl named estella was born with her hair
half black and half white she has always had a
creative passion and a rather feisty personality
her mother catherine notices and nicknames her
cruella catherine brings estela to a private
school where she promises to behave however
the other children mock her because of her hair
and her only friend is another girl named anita
darling along with a dog she finds and names
buddy after causing much mischief throughout her
time at the school estella is expelled catherine
laments their situation and goes to ask for help
from her employer who is hosting a winter ball at
their estate hellman hall catherine instructs
estella to stay in the car but she steps out
for a moment to observe the party is stella and
buddy sneak into the mansion where estella who has
always had a love for fashion is in awe of all the
gowns and dresses at the ball unfortunately but he
gets out and after estella chases after him she's
found by a valet named john estella escapes him
and is chased with buddy by three vicious
dalmatians estella runs outside where catherine
is talking to her employer baroness von hellman
the dalmatians run past estella and pounce on
catherine hard enough to push her over the edge of
a cliff to her death which is stella witnesses the
partygoers go outside to see what happened with
the baroness lying and claiming that catherine
was trying to accost her for money estella
runs with buddy and travels in a garbage truck
estella makes it to regents park in london
where she had wanted to go with her mother
and she realizes that she is missing the
necklace her mother had given her to hold on to
she falls asleep by the fountain and is found
the next morning by two delinquent boys brothers
horace and jasper baden along with their one-eyed
dog wink they are trying to swipe from the
fountain when they meet estella jasper determines
that she doesn't have a family and the three run
away together when an officer catches them estella
joins the boys at their hideout and jasper tells
horace that they should keep her around because
having a girl might make her seem like an innocent
distraction to people they plan to rob is stella
dyes her hair to go along with the schemes and be
unrecognizable ten years later estella continues
to pull off crimes with horus and jasper to
support themselves plus buddy and wink estella
also continues to work on her fashion ideas on
estella's birthday the brothers surprise her with
a job for the liberty department store downtown
since jasper had noticed her always staring at
the place she's very grateful to them estella
begins working at liberty as a cleaning woman
for a rotten boss named gerald he never gives
estella a chance to present her ideas and treats
her awfully horace and jasper bring her lunch and
horace thinks the place can be robbed but estella
wants to work honestly only to have the trash she
is taking out get poured onto her when the bag
rips open gerald then brings her back in and
tells her to clean overnight she steals a liquor
bottle from his office that night and goes to
the window display which is stella finds hideous
estella wakes up hungover by the window with horus
jasper and other patrons seeing the display which
is stella changed radically to appeal more to her
style gerald season prepares to fire estella
until he is informed that the baroness who owns
the store is arriving estella hides with horace
and jasper who proceed to nick gerald's wallet
and grab a few goodies the baroness asks who did
the window display which she actually likes gerald
says that estella is the culprit and is being
fired but she instead tells her assistant jeffrey
to give estella her business card estella runs
off with abaddons in celebration of moving on up
estella begins to work at house of baroness
coming up with dress ideas and designs
she sees very quickly that the baroness is
a cold and soulless woman who only critiques
the work of her employers and has rather
sociopathic tendencies such as using a razor
to cut the sleeves off as stella's design and not
care when she accidentally nixes stella's hand
after work she stops by a shop operated by a man
named artie who quickly befriends estella since
she likes his fashion sense she also notices
a red dress made by the baroness in the window
throughout her time working estella shows the
baroness that she truly does have a talent for
fashion however estella changes her tune toward
the baroness when she sees that she is wearing her
mother's necklace despite the baroness claiming
it is a family heirloom when she tells estella
that a former employer tried to rob her and then
fell off a cliff estella begins to feel pure
hatred for the baroness estella brings the news
to horus and jasper seeing it as an opportunity
to pull off a heist especially seeing as how the
baroness is set to host an upcoming gala estella
memorizes the baroness's schedule and how the
guards work and move around to plan for the heist
she knows that she will be recognized if she tries
to attend but she knows someone who can arrive on
the night of the gala horus and jasper sneak into
the building under the guise of pest exterminators
using wink as a fake rat jasper then makes his
way to the security cameras as the heist commences
estella leaves her wig off and retains her natural
hair showing up in disguise as cruella and wearing
the baroness's dress she saw in artie's shop
she stuns everyone in attendance including the
typically unimpressed baroness also viewing
and astonished is anita who is a journalist
and recognizes estella from her hair estella
subdues the baroness's guards before having
a seat with the baroness when horace approaches
the safe with the necklace he finds it empty and
estella sees that the baroness is wearing it just
as the baroness realizes cruella is trespassing
jasper sets off some rats into the party causing
a distraction that allows estella to snatch
the necklace off the baroness and give to buddy
unfortunately the baroness's dalmatians come out
and one of them swallows it after trying to take
it back from buddy estella sees that the baroness
is using a whistle to control the dogs which is
what she also used when catherine died meaning
the baroness deliberately called upon her dogs to
kill katherine after their truck is towed estella
hot wears a car to get away with abaddons and
their dogs estella stops and cries over the fact
that her boss murdered her mother the next morning
is stella is still acting as her cruella persona
ordering horus and jasper to steal the baroness's
dog so one of them can pass the necklace
estella then goes off to anita's workplace still
as cruella and asks her to get the word out about
her personal exploits meanwhile horus and jasper
find the dalmatians as they are being given baths
and they use wink as bait to get them to come
out before taking them away in a van cruella
soon begins to crash many more events held by the
baroness and with anita covering it in the paper
cruella becomes a fashion sensation completely
upstaging and overshadowing the baroness
she grows more and more agitated even firing her
lawyer roger for failing to have cruella arrested
then instructs estella to come up with a
new design for an upcoming spring collection
presentation estella orders a special material and
creates the dress which the baroness is clearly
impressed by although she plans to take credit
for it estella has horus and jasper sneak into
house of baroness and create a commotion to make
it appear as though cruella tried to break in
leading the baroness to have her dresses stored
inside a top secret vault back at home estella's
increasingly arrogant behavior has begun to put a
strain on her relationship with horus and jasper
the baroness holds her spring collection show but
when they open the vault a swarm of moths fly out
having torn through almost all the dresses this
is because the material with which estella made
her dress were special cocoons outside horace
and jasper accompanied by artie put on a real
show where artie sings i wanna be your dog and
cruella emerges with a dress made of dalmatian fur
leading the baroness to think the cruella killed
her dogs when estella returns home she finds horus
and jasper tied up with the baroness and her
henchman having deduced the cruelett is estella
the henchman grab estella and tie her to a
chair with the baroness planning to have horus
and jasper framed for killing cruella in a fire
estella fires back that she knows the baroness
killed her mother but by her words she is implied
to have killed others when she doesn't immediately
know who estella is talking about she leaves
estella plus buddy and wink to burn but estella
sees a mysterious figure coming together the
place burns down and word spreads that cruella has
died estella wakes up in john's house along with
buddy and wink he brings her catherine's necklace
and lets her know that it's been thoroughly
bleached which to estella's surprise contains a
key to a box inside the box is a birth certificate
of estellas john then reveals that the baroness
is estella's true biological mother although the
baron did want children the baroness thought being
a mother would hinder her success so she ordered
john to have the baby killed after she was born
but he instead found catherine and gave estella
to her so she can be raised properly estella is
in disbelief and runs away stealing a motorcycle
from a delivery boy she rides back to regents park
where she addresses the spaces catherine while she
is in disbelief of being lied to about katherine
not being her mother she still viewed her as such
and now decides to embrace her new identity as
cruella born brilliant bad and a little bit
mad estella gets a truck and busts through
the front of the police station then sets wink
inside to get a key to horus and jasper's cells
although they break out they are still mad at
estella for how she treated them after she tells
them about the baroness being her real mother they
go back to john's home where she says that horace
and jasper are her family they then gather to come
up with a final plan to bring down the baroness
and estella later goes to artie for help as
well horace comes back with the baroness's
panther devil carr and estella likes the sound
of the name the baroness hosts another ball
where all in attendance are wearing wigs to honor
cruella estella grabs a pin and pokes the baroness
distracting her long enough to grab her dog
whistle she uses it to bring the dalmatians
outside by the cliffside horace jasper artie
and john gather people to start heading outside
estella gets the dalmatians to obey her and then
reveals to the baroness that she is her daughter
the baroness once again takes credit for estella's
talent and pretends to want to take over the
business alongside her she approaches her as if to
hug her but instead pushes estella over the edge
this is witnessed by everyone just as police
arrive and the baroness is unable to cover
it up luckily estella prepared for this
and she uses a parachute to stop her fall
as the baroness is being arrested cruella
arrives once again surprising everyone estella
through narration reveals that she bequeathed
her will to cruella knowing that baroness would
try to kill her which now leaves her with
her mother's fortune cruella holds a funeral
for estella then takes horus and jasper plus
buddy wink and the newly adopted dalmatians
back to the estate which she renames hell hall
after taking the man out of helman together
with john and artie as part of the team cruella
tells the brothers that she has some big plans in
store later cruella leaves a dalmatian puppy named
pongo at roger's home and another named perdita at
anita's home roger who has now become a songwriter
begins to write cruella's iconic theme song
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next
videos